"My heart, my life, my soul....she has the key to them all. She has but to turn the key and allow me to surround her...with my warmth and love."
"Tis better to have loved and lost than to never have loved at all."
"If, each time I thought of you, were a flower I could walk in my garden forever."
"Gravity can not be held responsible for people falling in love,"
"Love is when thoughts of but one man fill your heart, when he means more than life to you, when you know you would do anything for him and shall die if he is taken from you. Desire is when you ache to see him and touch him, when he causes your body to burn and tremble. Desire does not demand love before it can ensnare you, but desire with love creates a powerful bond."
"So, fall asleep love, loved by me....for I know love, I am loved by thee."
"A part of you has grown in me, and, so you see, it's you and me, forever, and never apart; maybe in distance but never in heart."
"Love is like a rosebud, it can blossom full, or it can die softly."
"As I gaze upon your beauty, I think to myself, never have I seen an angel fly so low..."
"I cannot show you I love you. Time will show you I love you."
"The perfect marriage begins when each partner believes they got better than they deserve."
"If you love something...let it go, if it comes back to you it was truly meant to be."
"For hearing my thoughts, understanding my dreams and being my best friend... For filling my life with joy and loving me without end... I do"
"Immature love says: "I love you because I need you." Mature love says: "I need you because I love you."
"Where there is love there is life."
"What's in a name? That which we call a rose by any other name would smell as sweet." -William Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet-
"To love is true when it comes from the heart, not from the mouth."
"I wish that he were come to me, For he will come," she said. "Have I not prayed in heaven?---on earth, Lord, Lord, has he not prayed? Are not two prayers a perfect strength? And shall I feel afraid?"
"Let him kiss me with the kisses of his mouth: for thy love is better than wine." stay, then it was meant to be!"
"If I should meet thee after long years, how should I greet thee? With silence and tears."
"To be is to love; to love you is to be."
"I love you not because I need you, But I need you because I love you."
"To be loved ,and to have loved, is to live life the fullest."
"I love you more today than yesterday, but less than tomorrow."
"How can you love another if you don't love yourself?"
"The more you Love,The more you can be hurt or pleased."
"Love is like a roller coaster full of ups and downs and it controls you not the other way around."
"Being with you is like walking on a very clear morning, I definately have the sensation of belonging there."
"They that love beyond the world cannot be seperated by it. Death cannot kill what never dies."
"When you love someone, say it. Say it loud. Say it right away, or the moment... just passes you by."
"Love... like fine sand. Grasp it and it will quickly slip through your fingers. Cup it gently and it will fill the voids of your soul-- as sand seeks to fill the spaces in your hands."
"My only love sprung from my only hate." -William Shakespeare in his Romeo and Juliet-
"Love can make you happy but often times it hurts, but love is only special when you give it to who its worth."
"Choosing a love and then being strong enough to live up to your commitment of love is the essence of love."
"I was born when you kissed me, and I died when you left me, but I lived for the two weeks you loved me."
"The sound of a kiss is not so loud as a cannon, but it's echo lasts a great deal longer."
"Since I met you "We" has become more magical than "you" or "I"."
"Love is a moment that lasts forever."
"If I know what love is, it is because of you."
"You don't love a woman because she is beautiful, she is beautiful because you love her."
"Love is a promise, love is a souvenir, once given, never forgotten, never let it disappear."
"Love thoughts of tenderness, tried in temptation, strengthered by distress, unmoved by absence, and yet more than all, untired by time."
"When you love someone, say it. Say it loud. Say it right away, or the moment... just passes you by."
"Kindness in words creates confidence, kindness in thinking creates profoundness, kindness in giving creates love."
"When you feel that all is lost, hold onto your love at any cost."
"Love is patient. Love is kind. It does not envy. It does not boast. It is not proud. It is not rude. It is not self-seeking. It is not easily angered. It keeps no record of wrong doing. It does not delight in evil, but rejoices in the truth. It always protects, trusts, hopes, perseveres."
"You're here, there's nothing I fear."
"Love can touch us one time and last for a lifetime and never let go till were gone."
"My love for you is like time, if you give it just one moment, it will last forever."
"It's not being in love that makes me happy. It's being in love with YOU that makes me happy."
"Love is beautiful dream."
"Life is to be fortified by many friendships. To love and be loved is the greatest happiness of existence."
"Love is the emblem of eternity; it confounds all notion of time: effaces all memory of a beginning, all fear of an end."
"I don't regret the things I have done or the things I have chosen not to do because what ever I've done, I must have done something right because I ended up with you."
"No matter how hard things seem, true love will aide you through it."
"To love is to give all of yourself, in return for that one special feeling in the center of your heart."
"I miss you most when I'm sad. I miss you when I'm lonely. But most of all, I miss you when I'm happy."
"Love can touch us one time, and last a whole life time. Love was when I loved you, one true time I hold you."
"When I saw you I fell in love, and you smiled because you knew."
"Your love's a never ending dream. A castle by a stream of sweet understanding."
"The smell of a woman should stay with you. The smell of a man should come to you as you go to him and leave you with only a memory, not a headache."
"If there is anything better than to be loved, it is loving."
"The best way to love, is like a child, pure, innocent, and without hesitation."
"True love endures, if it does not, then it was never true."
"Something in your eyes captured my soul, and every night I see you in my dreams. You're all I know. I can't let go."
"Love is when you cry, when you laugh, when you smile... Love is when you dream"
"Saying I love you isn't hard... saying I love you and meaning it is."
"A memory of true love is like a favorite song; no matter how many times it plays again, you never get tired of it."
"The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen, nor touched... but are felt in the heart."(Helen Keller)
"A mighty pain to love it is, and 'tis a pain that pain to miss; but of all the pains, the greatest pain is to love, but love in vain."(Abraham Crowley)
"So much of what we know of love we learn at home."
"Love is blind, but friendship closes its eyes."
"Life has taught us that love does not consist in gazing at each other but in looking outward together in the same direction."(Saint-Exupery)
"A kiss is a lovely trick designed by nature to stop speech when words become superfluous."(Ingrid Bergman)
"Love built on beauty, soon as beauty, dies."(John Donne)
"He that falls in love with himself will have no rivals."(Benjamin Franklin)
"I never knew how to worship until I knew how to love."(Henry Ward Beecher)
"Woe to the man whose heart has not learned while young to hope, to love - and to put its trust in life."(Joseph Conrad)
"Who ever loved that loved not at first sight?"(Christopher Marlowe)
"Tell me whom you love and I will tell you who you are."(Houssaye)
"We perceive when love begins and when it declines by our embarrassment when alone together."(La Bruyere)
"Better to have loved and lost, than to have never loved at all."(St. Augustine)
"Love is but the discovery of ourselves in others, and the delight in the recognition."(Alexander Smith)
"When we are in love we often doubt that which we most believe."(La Rochefoucauld)
"Friendship often ends in love; but love in friendship - never."(Charles Caleb Colton)
"The richest love is that which submits to the arbitration of time."(Lawrence Durrell)
"There is no disguise which can hide love for long where it exists, or simulate it where it does not."(La Rochefoucauld)
"A very small degree of hope is sufficient to cause the birth of love."(Stendhal)
"There is no remedy for love but to love more."(Thoreau)
"Death is a challenge. It tells us not to waste time... It tells us to tell each other right now that we love each other."(Leo F. Buscaglia)
"To love and win is the best thing. To love and lose, the next best."(William M. Thackeray)
"If you love someone, let them go. If they return to you, it was meant to be. If they don't, their love was never yours to begin with..."
"True love never dies for it is lust that fades away. Love bonds for a lifetime but lust just pushes away."(Alicia Barnhart)
"You call it madness, but I call it love."(Don Byas)
"Who says love never lives? Maybe we've never lived."
"Love is not blind - It sees more and not less, but because it sees more it is willing to see less."(Will Moss)
"If love is great, and there are no greater things, then what I feel for you must be the greatest."
"Love is like playing the piano. First you must learn to play by the rules, then you must forget the rules and play from your heart."
"Love is not love that alters when it alteration finds."(Shakespeare)
"If I could reach up and hold a star for every time you've made me smile, the entire evening sky would be in the palm of my hand."